The unexamined life is not worth living. - Socrates
Man is the measure of all things. – Protagoras
One cannot step twice in the same river. – Heraclitus
Hell is other people. – Jean-Paul Sartre
God is dead. – Friedrich Nietzsche
Time is a flat circle. – Nietzsche
I think, therefore I am. – René Descartes
To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering. – Nietzsche
The heaviest burden is to exist without meaning. – Camus
Happiness depends upon ourselves. – Aristotle
Man is condemned to be free. – Sartre
What is rational is actual and what is actual is rational. – Hegel
Even while they teach, men learn. – Seneca
No man ever steps in the same river twice. – Heraclitus
Nature does nothing in vain. – Aristotle
The owl of Minerva spreads its wings only with the falling of the dusk. – Hegel
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is. – Camus
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world. – Wittgenstein
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. – Machiavelli
All men by nature desire to know. – Aristotle
Knowledge is power. – Francis Bacon
Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it. – George Bernard Shaw
Every man has two deaths, when he is buried in the ground and the last time someone says his name. – Hemingway
The end of man is knowledge, but there is one thing he can never know: whether knowledge will save him or kill him. – Robert Oppenheimer
Imagination is more important than knowledge. – Einstein
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. – Einstein
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. – Einstein
All truly great thoughts are conceived by walking. – Nietzsche
Without music, life would be a mistake. – Nietzsche
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. – Nietzsche
The greatest wealth is to live content with little. – Plato
The measure of a man is what he does with power. – Plato
I can control my passions and emotions if I can understand their nature. – Spinoza
That man is wisest who, like Socrates, realizes that his wisdom is worthless. – Plato
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart. – Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. – Buddha
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one. – Bruce Lee
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. – Oscar Wilde
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. – Oscar Wilde
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. – Winston Churchill
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. – Churchill
The price of greatness is responsibility. – Churchill
History is written by the victors. – Churchill
Do not go gentle into that good night. – Dylan Thomas
Rage, rage against the dying of the light. – Dylan Thomas
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I— I took the one less traveled by. – Robert Frost
Good fences make good neighbors. – Robert Frost
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. – Frost
Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life? – Mary Oliver
Attention is the beginning of devotion. – Mary Oliver
The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves. – Shakespeare
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so. – Shakespeare
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players. – Shakespeare
The course of true love never did run smooth. – Shakespeare
To be, or not to be: that is the question. – Shakespeare
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once. – Shakespeare
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. – Shakespeare
Brevity is the soul of wit. – Shakespeare
We are such stuff as dreams are made on. – Shakespeare
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. – Shakespeare
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom. – Plato
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality. – Dante
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here. – Dante
The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis. – Dante
Homo homini lupus est. – Plautus
Time is money. – Benjamin Franklin
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. – Franklin
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. – Martin Luther King Jr.
I have a dream. – Martin Luther King Jr.
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. – MLK
An eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind. – Gandhi
Be the change you wish to see in the world. – Gandhi
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. – Gandhi
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. – Gandhi
Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. – Lord Acton
The welfare of the people is the highest law. – Cicero
Silence is one of the great arts of conversation. – Cicero
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. – Cicero
A room without books is like a body without a soul. – Cicero
The life of man is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short. – Hobbes
The condition of man… is a condition of war of everyone against everyone. – Hobbes
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. – Aristotle
Man is by nature a political animal. – Aristotle
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge. – Stephen Hawking
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change. – Hawking
Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. – Hawking
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. – Carl Sagan
We are made of star-stuff. – Sagan
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love. – Sagan
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. – Sagan
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. – Sagan
If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. – African proverb
What we think, we become. – Buddha
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. – Abraham Lincoln
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves. – Lincoln
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power. – Lincoln
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. – Wayne Gretzky
